HACDOCS-435: Creating README content for Go code sample. (#22)
devfile-samples/devfile-sample-go-basic: README.md

# sample-devfile-with-go-basic

The Go sample uses the **HTTP 8081** port. 

## Defining the workspace lifecycle with a devfile.yaml file

> Use the `devfile.yaml` file to 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `devfile.yaml` file to  define the workspace for you application developement lifecycle
```

# Creating an application with a Go code sample

**Note:** The Go code sample uses the **8081** HTTP port.

Before you begin creating an application with this `devfile` code sample, it's helpful to understand the relationship between the `devfile` and `Dockerfile` and how they contribute to your build. You can find these files at the following URLs:

* [Go `devfile.yaml`](https://github.com/devfile-samples/devfile-sample-go-basic/blob/main/devfile.yaml)
* [Go `Dockerfile`](https://github.com/devfile-samples/devfile-sample-go-basic/blob/main/docker/Dockerfile)

> 1. The `devfile.yaml` file has an [`image-build` component](https://github.com/devfile-samples/devfile-sample-go-basic/blob/main/devfile.yaml#L21-L27) that points to your `Dockerfile`.

Author: yes! these are the very changes i wanted to make before merge. done and ty! did other similar ones too

2. The [`docker/Dockerfile`](https://github.com/devfile-samples/devfile-sample-go-basic/blob/main/docker/Dockerfile) contains the instructions you need to build the code sample as a container image.

> 3. The `devfile.yaml` [`kubernetes-deploy` component](https://github.com/devfile-samples/devfile-sample-go-basic/blob/main/devfile.yaml#L28-L41) points to a `deploy.yaml` file that contains instructions for deploying the built container image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. The `devfile.yaml` [`kubernetes-deploy` component](https://github.com/devfile-samples/devfile-sample-go-basic/blob/main/devfile.yaml#L27-L40) points to a `deploy.yaml` file that contains instructions for deploying the built container image.
```

> 4. The `devfile.yaml` [`deploy` command](https://github.com/devfile-samples/devfile-sample-go-basic/blob/main/devfile.yaml#L43-L56) completes the [outerloop](https://devfile.io/docs/2.2.0/innerloop-vs-outerloop) deployment phase by pointing to the `image-build` and `kubernetes-deploy` components to create your application.

Author: what about 44-55?

> 4. The `devfile.yaml` [`deploy` command](https://github.com/devfile-samples/devfile-sample-go-basic/blob/main/devfile.yaml#L43-L56) completes the [outerloop](https://devfile.io/docs/2.2.0/innerloop-vs-outerloop) deployment phase by pointing to the `image-build` and `kubernetes-deploy` components to create your application.

Reviewer: it starts at line 42
